c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\bin\Debug\SoccerManager.exe
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\bin\Debug\SoccerManager.pdb
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.g.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.exe
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.pdb
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Nieuw_Team.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Finales.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.GespeeldeWedstrijd.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Keuze.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Klassement.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Nieuwe_Speler.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Nieuwe_Wedstrijd.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Spelerslijst.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Teams.resources
c:\users\wim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoccerManager\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Wedstrijdschema.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.exe
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.pdb
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\bin\Debug\SoccerManager.exe
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\bin\Debug\SoccerManager.pdb
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.g.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Finales.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.GespeeldeWedstrijd.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Keuze.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Klassement.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Nieuwe_Speler.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Nieuwe_Wedstrijd.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Nieuw_Team.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Spelerslijst.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Teams.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.Wedstrijdschema.resources
C:\Users\Stijn\Documents\GitHub\ProjectC\SoccerManager\obj\Debug\SoccerManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
